In this video, we are going to do some task
planning. You can see that our work
queue it's gotten pretty lean
right now. We only have two tests that
are out there and these are all things
that we are going to be implementing
coming up in the course. For right now,
what we want to do is start setting
things up so we can go in and do some
additional tasks that are going to be
tracking with this. You have some
notes here and we are going to go
through these and set up the issues. So
the first one is create a visit map
service.
Set that up. Spell visit right, like
so. That's spelt better. By this, what
I mean is if I come back over to
IntelliJ, you can see that we added in to
Visit entity but we don't have a map
service nor do we have a JPA service for
it. So we are going to go ahead and
implement that. We also want to
create the corresponding...
for a visit, so let's get that going
as well.
Let's see here. We'll do load visits on
startup
in bootstrap, so we'll load up some visit data
so that we can have some data in the
database that will load on our
initialize program in the bootstrap
program.
If we look, we are going to get into JUnit 5
but let's plan out some tests
because right now we haven't been doing
any testing. We kind of tracking along
with the course, so we'll create a new
test or tasks around testing.
We write CRUD test for the owner
map
service.
For the Owner Spring Data.
So these are going to be a little bit
different. I bring up this list
again.
So the CRUD test for the owner map
service, we'll be able to go ahead and
implement those as true unit tests
because those will be unity. The Spring
Data JPA Service will be doing an
integration tests and testing Spring
Data JPA, so a couple of different things
there that we can test for, or we could
even use Mockito on those two, so we have
couple options of testing that out for
us. Maybe we'll do both.
Now I have a note here. We want to add in
and refactor. It's a project Lombok. It
has some nice features. I think we see
that in the next chapter of the course,
so I won't get into that too deeply. But
just as a heads up, at the time of
recording, there's some known issues
between Project Lombok and I think Java 10.
I'm not sure if Java 9 is
working yet either. But at Java 8, you're
golden. Go beyond Java 8, you may have
problems with Project Lombok.
We're also going to get into
some Spring MVC test.
So we will write in our MVC test for
that.
We had to bail. We're getting into
more MVC stuff, so display owner
record.
So I was pulling on a record from the database, instead of HTML Thymeleaf and what not for
that. I'm just putting HTML there as a
reminder that we want this on the web.
We're going to implement find owner
functionality. Like I said, we had
the display and owner record, so that's
going to come ahead, and then we'll
implement find owner, which will
redirect to the display owner so that's
why we are doing it in that sequence.
We had the ability to add in or update
an owner.
We also add in the ability to add
or update a pet.
And then finally, we also do a visit too.
So we get a number new functionality here.
We're going to add in a Spring Boot
Error Page. This gives us a nicer
error handling. In the upcoming section, we
will cover a number of different ways of
handling exception handling. Spring Boot
does have an error page. We have
one out of the box that's kind of ugly.
Doesn't give us much information so
we'll add something a little more
graceful and I'm pretty sure I don't
think I show you this technique in the
regular course as we talked about
exception handling, so this will be
a little bit new.
Okay, I think this is enough
tasks for us to plan out. There's a
number of things, so what we're going to
be getting into a couple different
objectives here. First, we want to get
everything working with either the map,
HashMap implementation, or the Spring
Data JPA implementation. To do that, we
need to get the visit stuff working and
start with loading in bootstrap, so we'll
have everything implemented there.
Then we'll bring up the context to make
sure that we can use active profiles to
switch between the hash map
implementation and the JPA
implementation. Then we are coming up,
we are going to be adding Project Lombok.
It's a really wonderful tool. You'll see
how much stuff it will save you from
doing. We'll add that. That gives us some
capability so we'll pick up a couple
things with that. Then we have a section
on testing and we'll go in and start
adding test to this. From the course,
I'm primarily using Spring, or I'm sorry
JUnit 4 in the course. We're going to use
JUnit 5 here. It get you some exposure to
that. And this is in transaction, JUnit 4
still dominates everything. JUnit 5
has been out for I don't think even a year
yet. But the industry is still largely on
JUnit 4. There's a ton of legacy code on
JUnit 4,  so as a Java developer learning
Spring, best to be have knowledge and
skills with either 4 or 5 just because
there's a ton of old stuff with 4 and
people are going to be implementing
JUnit 5. We'll get you exposed
to both of those in the course. Then, we
are going to be progressing with Spring
MVC, so we'll start getting into CRUD
operations with Spring MVC. This is
where we'll give you the ability to add
or update an owner ,add or update a pet,
or a visit, and in there we are going to
get into the Spring Boot Error Page.
Now, we still have additional stuff to
add to this, like validation. That is not
there. That's not even planned yet, but
that will be coming after we get this
next batch of work done.